net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerDeepOcean.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerDeepOcean
net/minecraft/init/SoundEvents.java
 net.minecraft.init.SoundEvents
net/minecraft/advancements/FrameType.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.FrameType
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemCameraTransforms
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemCameraTransforms$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.IMetadataSection
net/minecraft/client/particle/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.package-info
net/minecraft/entity/boss/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.package-info
net/minecraft/world/LockCode.java
 net.minecraft.world.LockCode
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerEdge
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerEdge$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerEdge$Mode
net/minecraft/util/datafix/walkers/EntityTag.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.walkers.EntityTag
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealthBoost.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionHealthBoost
net/minecraft/util/math/Vec2f.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.Vec2f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.IAttribute
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILookIdle
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderHelper
net/minecraft/profiler/Snooper.java
 net.minecraft.profiler.Snooper
 net.minecraft.profiler.Snooper$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFindEntityNearest
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1
net/minecraft/util/math/ChunkPos.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.ChunkPos
net/minecraft/server/management/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.package-info
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerHills
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.DefaultResourcePack
net/minecraft/potion/PotionType.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionType
net/minecraft/util/text/TextComponentBase.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentBase
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentBase$1
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentBase$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemTransformVec3f
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FileResourcePack
net/minecraft/util/text/translation/I18n.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.translation.I18n
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/SpawnerEntityTypes.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.SpawnerEntityTypes
net/minecraft/util/EnumHandSide.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumHandSide
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelDragon
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/RidingToPassengers.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.RidingToPassengers
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.AnimationMetadataSection
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ServerAddress
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.Stitcher
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.Stitcher$Holder
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.Stitcher$Slot
net/minecraft/stats/IStatType.java
 net.minecraft.stats.IStatType
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelRotation.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelRotation
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.ThreadedFileIOBase
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelMinecart
net/minecraft/util/text/TextComponentKeybind.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentKeybind
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsDefaultVertexFormat
net/minecraft/world/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.package-info
net/minecraft/world/MinecraftException.java
 net.minecraft.world.MinecraftException
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLlamaSpit.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelLlamaSpit
net/minecraft/network/play/client/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.package-info
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/util/math/BlockPos.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos
 net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos$1
 net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos$1$1
 net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos$2
 net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos$2$1
 net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos$3
 net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos$MutableBlockPos
 net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos$PooledMutableBlockPos
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/RandomValueRange.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.RandomValueRange
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.RandomValueRange$Serializer
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/EntityId.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.EntityId
net/minecraft/util/ITabCompleter.java
 net.minecraft.util.ITabCompleter
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListOpsEntry
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EnumCreatureAttribute
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelWither
net/minecraft/command/CommandNotFoundException.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandNotFoundException
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAISwimming
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse.java
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$Players
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$Players$Serializer
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$Serializer
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$Version
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$Version$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourceIndex
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.VertexBufferUploader
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/PotionItems.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.PotionItems
net/minecraft/nbt/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.package-info
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagEnd
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelistEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListWhitelistEntry
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreObjective
net/minecraft/network/NettyPacketDecoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyPacketDecoder
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo.java
 net.minecraft.village.VillageDoorInfo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.VisGraph
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.VisGraph$1
net/minecraft/entity/INpc.java
 net.minecraft.entity.INpc
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.JsonToNBT
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.AbstractTexture
net/minecraft/client/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.PositionTextureVertex
net/minecraft/client/util/SearchTree.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.SearchTree
 net.minecraft.client.util.SearchTree$MergingIterator
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ServerData
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ServerData$ServerResourceMode
net/minecraft/util/datafix/walkers/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.walkers.package-info
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder.java
 net.minecraft.world.border.WorldBorder
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSheep1
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/MinecartEntityTypes.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.MinecartEntityTypes
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerVoronoiZoom.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerVoronoiZoom
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/properties/EntityPropertyManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.properties.EntityPropertyManager
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/BookPagesStrictJSON.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.BookPagesStrictJSON
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.package-info
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureManager
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureManager$1
net/minecraft/client/model/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/PngSizeInfo.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.PngSizeInfo
net/minecraft/network/handshake/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.handshake.package-info
net/minecraft/client/network/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.package-info
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityMoveHelper
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityMoveHelper$Action
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldSavedData.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldSavedData
net/minecraft/potion/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.potion.package-info
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing$1
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing$Axis
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing$AxisDirection
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing$Plane
net/minecraft/util/math/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.package-info
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListIPBans.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListIPBans
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection.java
 net.minecraft.network.EnumPacketDirection
net/minecraft/village/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.village.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BakedQuad
net/minecraft/util/ActionResult.java
 net.minecraft.util.ActionResult
net/minecraft/client/audio/Sound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.Sound
 net.minecraft.client.audio.Sound$Type
net/minecraft/entity/item/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.package-info
net/minecraft/command/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.command.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Vector3d.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.Vector3d
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.FlatGeneratorInfo
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGeneratorSimplex
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILeapAtTarget
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagByteArray
net/minecraft/network/status/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.IImageBuffer
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.CompressedStreamTools
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollow.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollow
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollow$1
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Score
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Score$1
net/minecraft/client/util/ITooltipFlag.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.ITooltipFlag
 net.minecraft.client.util.ITooltipFlag$TooltipFlags
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.TextureMetadataSection
net/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable.java
 net.minecraft.util.IJsonSerializable
net/minecraft/network/status/client/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.client.package-info
net/minecraft/util/IStringSerializable.java
 net.minecraft.util.IStringSerializable
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldSavedDataCallableSave.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldSavedDataCallableSave
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/DistancePredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.DistancePredicate
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.player.inventory.package-info
net/minecraft/util/datafix/DataFixesManager.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.DataFixesManager
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIEatGrass
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderGroup
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelShulker.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelShulker
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.RegionFile
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.RegionFile$ChunkBuffer
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsSharedConstants
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelQuadruped
net/minecraft/init/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.init.package-info
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.package-info
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.IProperty
net/minecraft/entity/player/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelEnderMite
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GLAllocation
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/RedundantChanceTags.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.RedundantChanceTags
net/minecraft/stats/StatBasic.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBasic
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ChatLine
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable.java
 net.minecraft.world.IWorldNameable
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreCriteriaStat.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreCriteriaStat
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerBiome
net/minecraft/potion/Potion.java
 net.minecraft.potion.Potion
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelRenderer
net/minecraft/world/GameRules.java
 net.minecraft.world.GameRules
 net.minecraft.world.GameRules$Value
 net.minecraft.world.GameRules$ValueType
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBed.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBed
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreCriteriaHealth.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreCriteriaHealth
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTPrimitive.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTPrimitive
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Scoreboard
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormatElement
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormatElement$EnumType
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage
net/minecraft/network/ThreadQuickExitException.java
 net.minecraft.network.ThreadQuickExitException
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPartRotation
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIllager.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelIllager
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkGeneratorSettings.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorSettings
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorSettings$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorSettings$Factory
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorSettings$Serializer
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreboardSaveData
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/StitcherException.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.StitcherException
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.NibbleArrayReader
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/TotemItemRename.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.TotemItemRename
net/minecraft/client/settings/HotbarSnapshot.java
 net.minecraft.client.settings.HotbarSnapshot
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Team
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Team$CollisionRule
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Team$EnumVisible
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsBufferBuilder
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ImageBufferDownload
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuRecipient.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.ISpectatorMenuRecipient
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ForceVBOOn.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ForceVBOOn
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealth.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionHealth
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/TileEntityId.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.TileEntityId
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelHorse
net/minecraft/util/text/event/HoverEvent.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.event.HoverEvent
 net.minecraft.util.text.event.HoverEvent$Action
net/minecraft/crash/ICrashReportDetail.java
 net.minecraft.crash.ICrashReportDetail
net/minecraft/server/integrated/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelCreeper
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.SimpleTexture
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ShulkerBoxItemColor.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ShulkerBoxItemColor
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIBase
net/minecraft/util/datafix/FixTypes.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.FixTypes
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.I18n
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/ILootContainer.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.ILootContainer
net/minecraft/creativetab/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.creativetab.package-info
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/BaseMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.BaseMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiver.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRiver
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuadRetextured.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BakedQuadRetextured
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.DefaultVertexFormats
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelShulkerBullet.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelShulkerBullet
net/minecraft/util/datafix/walkers/BlockEntityTag.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.walkers.BlockEntityTag
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.package-info
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCow.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelCow
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.package-info
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumParticleTypes
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ZombieSplit.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ZombieSplit
net/minecraft/dispenser/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.package-info
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundList
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation.java
 net.minecraft.util.ResourceLocation
 net.minecraft.util.ResourceLocation$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.DestroyBlockProgress
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EnumFaceDirection
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EnumFaceDirection$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EnumFaceDirection$Constants
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation
net/minecraft/util/datafix/IDataFixer.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.IDataFixer
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBox
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.LanguageMetadataSection
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAbsorption.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionAbsorption
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/enchantment/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.package-info
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest2.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIWatchClosest2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$AlphaState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$BlendState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$BooleanState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$ClearState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$Color
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$ColorLogicState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$ColorMask
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$CullFace
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$CullState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$DepthState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$DestFactor
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$FogMode
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$FogState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$LogicOp
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$Profile
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$Profile$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$Profile$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$Profile$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$SourceFactor
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$StencilFunc
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$StencilState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$TexGen
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$TexGenCoord
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$TexGenState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$TextureState
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLargeChest.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelLargeChest
net/minecraft/util/datafix/walkers/Filtered.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.walkers.Filtered
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.package-info
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagIntArray
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.RangedAttribute
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.IntHashMap
 net.minecraft.util.IntHashMap$Entry
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass.java
 net.minecraft.world.ColorizerGrass
net/minecraft/command/PlayerNotFoundException.java
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerNotFoundException
net/minecraft/block/material/Material.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.Material
 net.minecraft.block.material.Material$1
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ISoundEventAccessor
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIWatchClosest
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelMagmaCube
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagDouble
net/minecraft/util/text/Style.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.Style
 net.minecraft.util.text.Style$1
 net.minecraft.util.text.Style$Serializer
net/minecraft/util/text/event/ClickEvent.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.event.ClickEvent
 net.minecraft.util.text.event.ClickEvent$Action
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes.java
 net.minecraft.entity.SharedMonsterAttributes
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBase
net/minecraft/util/datafix/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.package-info
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapDecoration.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.MapDecoration
 net.minecraft.world.storage.MapDecoration$Type
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderUniform
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput.java
 net.minecraft.util.MovementInput
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/MobEffectsPredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.MobEffectsPredicate
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.MobEffectsPredicate$InstancePredicate
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyEnum
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RegionRenderCacheBuilder
net/minecraft/item/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.item.package-info
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/StringToUUID.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.StringToUUID
net/minecraft/client/gui/IProgressMeter.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.IProgressMeter
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsVertexFormat
net/minecraft/util/EnumActionResult.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumActionResult
net/minecraft/entity/monster/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.package-info
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.ClassInheritanceMultiMap
 net.minecraft.util.ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1
net/minecraft/world/storage/IThreadedFileIO.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.IThreadedFileIO
net/minecraft/util/Tuple.java
 net.minecraft.util.Tuple
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.PackMetadataSection
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormat
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormat$1
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSnowMan
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.TextureMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTException.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTException
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSpider
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/IRecipeUpdateListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.IRecipeUpdateListener
net/minecraft/network/login/server/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.package-info
net/minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever.java
 net.minecraft.client.ClientBrandRetriever
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyCompressionDecoder
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable.java
 net.minecraft.util.TupleIntJsonSerializable
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.TexturedQuad
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity.java
 net.minecraft.item.EnumRarity
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IResource
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTSizeTracker
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTSizeTracker$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.package-info
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/BannerItemColor.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.BannerItemColor
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBansEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListBansEntry
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1
net/minecraft/network/NettyVarint21FrameEncoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyVarint21FrameEncoder
net/minecraft/util/MinecraftError.java
 net.minecraft.util.MinecraftError
net/minecraft/inventory/EntityEquipmentSlot.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.EntityEquipmentSlot
 net.minecraft.inventory.EntityEquipmentSlot$Type
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListOps
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.NibbleArray
net/minecraft/profiler/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.profiler.package-info
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeMap.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.AttributeMap
net/minecraft/block/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.block.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBook
net/minecraft/network/INetHandler.java
 net.minecraft.network.INetHandler
net/minecraft/util/math/Vec3d.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.Vec3d
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/SkeletonSplit.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.SkeletonSplit
net/minecraft/util/Util.java
 net.minecraft.util.Util
 net.minecraft.util.Util$EnumOS
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStandArmor.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelArmorStandArmor
net/minecraft/util/registry/IRegistry.java
 net.minecraft.util.registry.IRegistry
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage.java
 net.minecraft.world.ColorizerFoliage
net/minecraft/advancements/ICriterionInstance.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.ICriterionInstance
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/SignStrictJSON.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.SignStrictJSON
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.SignStrictJSON$1
net/minecraft/util/text/TextFormatting.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextFormatting
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FallbackResourceManager
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer.java
 net.minecraft.util.FrameTimer
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ShulkerBoxTileColor.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ShulkerBoxTileColor
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelEnderCrystal
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction.java
 net.minecraft.item.EnumAction
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.Locale
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/PaintingDirection.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.PaintingDirection
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/AddBedTileEntity.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.AddBedTileEntity
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBlaze
net/minecraft/client/settings/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.settings.package-info
net/minecraft/server/DebugLoggingPrintStream.java
 net.minecraft.server.DebugLoggingPrintStream
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerSmooth.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerSmooth
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.package-info
net/minecraft/network/rcon/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.rcon.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSign
net/minecraft/server/network/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.server.network.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.DynamicTexture
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityFlying.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityFlying
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BufferBuilder.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BufferBuilder
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BufferBuilder$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BufferBuilder$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BufferBuilder$State
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.IChunkProvider
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagString
net/minecraft/crash/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.crash.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragonHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelDragonHead
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache$1
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache$2
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache$Serializer
net/minecraft/util/datafix/walkers/ItemStackData.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.walkers.ItemStackData
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSquid
net/minecraft/util/Mirror.java
 net.minecraft.util.Mirror
 net.minecraft.util.Mirror$1
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.package-info
net/minecraft/block/SoundType.java
 net.minecraft.block.SoundType
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EnumPlayerModelParts
net/minecraft/world/chunk/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.package-info
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyBool
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelGhast
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGenerator
net/minecraft/client/resources/GrassColorReloadListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.GrassColorReloadListener
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/conditions/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.package-info
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils.java
 net.minecraft.util.StringUtils
net/minecraft/network/login/client/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.client.package-info
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.package-info
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/HorseSaddle.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.HorseSaddle
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelShield.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelShield
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IResourceManagerReloadListener
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.SetVisibility
net/minecraft/util/math/Rotations.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.Rotations
net/minecraft/util/math/AxisAlignedBB.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.AxisAlignedBB
net/minecraft/client/gui/chat/IChatListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.chat.IChatListener
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/PotionWater.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.PotionWater
net/minecraft/util/EnumHand.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumHand
net/minecraft/util/NonNullList.java
 net.minecraft.util.NonNullList
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.ISpectatorMenuView
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ThreadLanServerPing
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelParrot.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelParrot
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelParrot$State
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/OptionsLowerCaseLanguage.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.OptionsLowerCaseLanguage
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase$1
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase$2
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase$3
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase$4
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance.java
 net.minecraft.world.DifficultyInstance
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/util/math/Vec3i.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.Vec3i
net/minecraft/world/WorldType.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldType
net/minecraft/init/MobEffects.java
 net.minecraft.init.MobEffects
net/minecraft/util/EnumBlockRenderType.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumBlockRenderType
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelResourceLocation.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelResourceLocation
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase.java
 net.minecraft.util.LazyLoadBase
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSkeletonHead
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureAtlasSprite
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureAtlasSprite$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.package-info
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate.java
 net.minecraft.util.IProgressUpdate
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundEventAccessor
net/minecraft/client/gui/advancements/AdvancementState.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.advancements.AdvancementState
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLlama.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelLlama
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.package-info
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.PositionImpl
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBiped
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBiped$1
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBiped$ArmPose
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor.java
 net.minecraft.item.EnumDyeColor
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper.java
 net.minecraft.util.ScreenShotHelper
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/ProjectileHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.ProjectileHelper
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.AnimationFrame
net/minecraft/profiler/ISnooperInfo.java
 net.minecraft.profiler.ISnooperInfo
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootTableList.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootTableList
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.handshake.client.package-info
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.package-info
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderManager
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/MetadataSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.MetadataSerializer
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.MetadataSerializer$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.MetadataSerializer$Registration
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ItemIntIDToString.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ItemIntIDToString
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.package-info
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MapColor
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreCriteriaColored.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreCriteriaColored
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/properties/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.properties.package-info
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListBans
net/minecraft/util/text/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.package-info
net/minecraft/util/IntIdentityHashBiMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.IntIdentityHashBiMap
net/minecraft/entity/IRangedAttackMob.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IRangedAttackMob
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombieVillager.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelZombieVillager
net/minecraft/client/shader/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.package-info
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/EntityArmorAndHeld.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.EntityArmorAndHeld
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddSnow.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerAddSnow
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.package-info
net/minecraft/util/math/MathHelper.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.MathHelper
net/minecraft/util/datafix/walkers/ItemStackDataLists.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.walkers.ItemStackDataLists
net/minecraft/network/play/server/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.package-info
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MaterialPortal
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelChest
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyHelper
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackFileNotFoundException.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackFileNotFoundException
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.IPosition
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/SpawnEggNames.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.SpawnEggNames
net/minecraft/util/IntegerCache.java
 net.minecraft.util.IntegerCache
net/minecraft/util/IThreadListener.java
 net.minecraft.util.IThreadListener
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.package-info
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/properties/EntityProperty.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.properties.EntityProperty
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.properties.EntityProperty$Serializer
net/minecraft/pathfinding/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.package-info
net/minecraft/client/main/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.main.package-info
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNodeType.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNodeType
net/minecraft/entity/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelVillager
net/minecraft/util/IObjectIntIterable.java
 net.minecraft.util.IObjectIntIterable
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntryBan.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListEntryBan
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSlime
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/Variant.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.Variant
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.Variant$Deserializer
net/minecraft/tileentity/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPolarBear.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelPolarBear
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsMth
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPart
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPart$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPart$Deserializer
net/minecraft/stats/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.stats.package-info
net/minecraft/scoreboard/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.package-info
net/minecraft/world/BossInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.BossInfo
 net.minecraft.world.BossInfo$Color
 net.minecraft.world.BossInfo$Overlay
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.package-info
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IEntityLivingData
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreCriteriaReadOnly.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreCriteriaReadOnly
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBat
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelArmorStand
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EnumCreatureType
net/minecraft/command/CommandException.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandException
net/minecraft/util/text/ChatType.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.ChatType
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagList
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGeneratorOctaves
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/template/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.package-info
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.ObjectIntIdentityMap
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AbstractAttributeMap.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.AbstractAttributeMap
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScorePlayerTeam
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundListSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundListSerializer
net/minecraft/command/server/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.package-info
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumTypeAdapterFactory
 net.minecraft.util.EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1
net/minecraft/command/NumberInvalidException.java
 net.minecraft.command.NumberInvalidException
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGeneratorImproved
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.package-info
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SimpleResource
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.BaseSpectatorGroup
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderDefault
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelLeashKnot
net/minecraft/util/Rotation.java
 net.minecraft.util.Rotation
 net.minecraft.util.Rotation$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerShore
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRareBiome.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRareBiome
net/minecraft/util/text/TextComponentString.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentString
net/minecraft/util/BitArray.java
 net.minecraft.util.BitArray
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructureData
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNoCallback.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiYesNoCallback
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.ClippingHelper
net/minecraft/world/gen/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.package-info
net/minecraft/util/text/TextComponentSelector.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentSelector
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter.java
 net.minecraft.util.MouseFilter
net/minecraft/world/GameType.java
 net.minecraft.world.GameType
net/minecraft/world/biome/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.package-info
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAttackDamage.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionAttackDamage
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.JsonBlendingMode
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelChicken
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelElytra.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelElytra
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelEnderman
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPartFace
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPartFace$Deserializer
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatAllowedCharacters
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTBase
net/minecraft/block/properties/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.package-info
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.Framebuffer
net/minecraft/entity/IProjectile.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IProjectile
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.package-info
net/minecraft/util/datafix/IFixType.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.IFixType
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom.java
 net.minecraft.util.WeightedRandom
 net.minecraft.util.WeightedRandom$Item
net/minecraft/network/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.package-info
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyCompressionEncoder
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderLinkHelper
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.LanguageManager
net/minecraft/network/status/server/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.server.package-info
net/minecraft/world/end/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.end.package-info
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IResourcePack
net/minecraft/util/math/RayTraceResult.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.RayTraceResult
 net.minecraft.util.math.RayTraceResult$Type
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityLookHelper
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRemoveTooMuchOcean.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRemoveTooMuchOcean
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ZombieProfToType.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ZombieProfToType
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.package-info
net/minecraft/client/gui/advancements/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.advancements.package-info
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ElderGuardianSplit.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ElderGuardianSplit
net/minecraft/client/gui/chat/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.chat.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/multipart/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/color/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.package-info
net/minecraft/util/LowerStringMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.LowerStringMap
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MaterialTransparent
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyDirection
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/EntityHealth.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.EntityHealth
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.package-info
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.IMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IResourceManager
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.Tessellator
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVex.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelVex
net/minecraft/util/BlockRenderLayer.java
 net.minecraft.util.BlockRenderLayer
net/minecraft/util/datafix/IDataWalker.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.IDataWalker
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.DefaultPlayerSkin
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.RegionFileCache
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureBoundingBox
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureBoundingBox$1
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsVertexFormatElement
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.IMob
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.IMob$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.IMob$2
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/util/registry/RegistryNamespaced.java
 net.minecraft.util.registry.RegistryNamespaced
net/minecraft/entity/ai/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.package-info
net/minecraft/util/CombatRules.java
 net.minecraft.util.CombatRules
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserList
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserList$1
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserList$Serializer
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.BaseAttribute
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.SpectatorDetails
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreCriteria.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreCriteria
net/minecraft/client/resources/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.package-info
net/minecraft/util/SoundCategory.java
 net.minecraft.util.SoundCategory
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListEntry
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound$1
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound$2
net/minecraft/block/state/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.package-info
net/minecraft/util/registry/RegistrySimple.java
 net.minecraft.util.registry.RegistrySimple
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.Frustum
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.package-info
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreCriteria.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.IScoreCriteria
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.IScoreCriteria$EnumRenderType
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelIronGolem
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.FontMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexBuffer
net/minecraft/client/resources/FoliageColorReloadListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FoliageColorReloadListener
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/CookedFishIDTypo.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.CookedFishIDTypo
net/minecraft/command/InvalidBlockStateException.java
 net.minecraft.command.InvalidBlockStateException
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ShulkerBoxEntityColor.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ShulkerBoxEntityColor
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.IAttributeInstance
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelPlayer
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper.java
 net.minecraft.util.MouseHelper
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndexFolder.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourceIndexFolder
net/minecraft/client/util/ISearchTree.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.ISearchTree
net/minecraft/util/text/ITextComponent.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.ITextComponent
 net.minecraft.util.text.ITextComponent$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderLoader
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderLoader$ShaderType
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty.java
 net.minecraft.world.EnumDifficulty
net/minecraft/command/EntityNotFoundException.java
 net.minecraft.command.EntityNotFoundException
net/minecraft/block/material/EnumPushReaction.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.EnumPushReaction
net/minecraft/util/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.package-info
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.Language
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/VariantList.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.VariantList
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.VariantList$Deserializer
net/minecraft/init/PotionTypes.java
 net.minecraft.init.PotionTypes
net/minecraft/util/text/TextComponentTranslation.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentTranslation
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/MinMaxBounds.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.MinMaxBounds
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery$4
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery$5
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery$Rotation
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/util/text/TextComponentTranslationFormatException.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentTranslationFormatException
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsServerAddress
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/properties/EntityOnFire.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.properties.EntityOnFire
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.properties.EntityOnFire$Serializer
net/minecraft/entity/IJumpingMount.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IJumpingMount
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionEffect
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEvokerFangs.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelEvokerFangs
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.package-info
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MaterialLiquid
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverInit.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRiverInit
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener.java
 net.minecraft.world.border.IBorderListener
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityFlyHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityFlyHelper
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator.java
 net.minecraft.realms.Tezzelator
net/minecraft/util/WeightedSpawnerEntity.java
 net.minecraft.util.WeightedSpawnerEntity
net/minecraft/util/text/translation/LanguageMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.translation.LanguageMap
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.IntCache
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.LanServerDetector
 net.minecraft.client.network.LanServerDetector$LanServerList
 net.minecraft.client.network.LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackRanged.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIAttackRanged
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Matrix4f.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.Matrix4f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundRegistry
net/minecraft/client/resources/LegacyV2Adapter.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.LegacyV2Adapter
 net.minecraft.client.resources.LegacyV2Adapter$1
net/minecraft/util/registry/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey.java
 net.minecraft.util.registry.RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey
net/minecraft/util/registry/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.registry.package-info
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGeneratorPerlin
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRiverMix
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.package-info
net/minecraft/item/crafting/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.package-info
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.package-info
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerFuzzyZoom.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerFuzzyZoom
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.JsonException
 net.minecraft.client.util.JsonException$1
 net.minecraft.client.util.JsonException$Entry
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelHumanoidHead
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/ArmorStandSilent.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.ArmorStandSilent
net/minecraft/client/gui/toasts/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.package-info
net/minecraft/network/datasync/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.package-info
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickable.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.ITickable
net/minecraft/client/entity/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.entity.package-info
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MaterialLogic
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListIPBansEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListIPBansEntry
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelOcelot
net/minecraft/entity/MoverType.java
 net.minecraft.entity.MoverType
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelWitch
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SimpleReloadableResourceManager
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock.java
 net.minecraft.world.EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/network/play/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.ClippingHelperImpl
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyEncryptionTranslator
net/minecraft/world/border/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.border.package-info
net/minecraft/entity/passive/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.package-info
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding.java
 net.minecraft.client.settings.KeyBinding
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyEncryptingDecoder
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddMushroomIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerAddMushroomIsland
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.AbstractResourcePack
net/minecraft/network/NettyVarint21FrameDecoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyVarint21FrameDecoder
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.ISpectatorMenuObject
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.FontMetadataSection
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSilverfish
net/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.TextureOffset
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockFaceShape.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockFaceShape
net/minecraft/entity/passive/IAnimals.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.IAnimals
net/minecraft/client/util/SearchTreeManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.SearchTreeManager
 net.minecraft.client.util.SearchTreeManager$Key
net/minecraft/command/WrongUsageException.java
 net.minecraft.command.WrongUsageException
net/minecraft/client/model/IMultipassModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.IMultipassModel
net/minecraft/client/gui/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.package-info
net/minecraft/util/datafix/DataFixer.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.DataFixer
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSkeleton
net/minecraft/network/login/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.package-info
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerRenderer
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus.java
 net.minecraft.world.border.EnumBorderStatus
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager.java
 net.minecraft.util.CryptManager
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.ITextureObject
net/minecraft/realms/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.realms.package-info
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerIsland
net/minecraft/inventory/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.package-info
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.PlayerCapabilities
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.LayeredTexture
net/minecraft/util/SoundEvent.java
 net.minecraft.util.SoundEvent
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickableTextureObject.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.ITickableTextureObject
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListWhitelist
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration.java
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$FolderInformation
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$GameInformation
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$ServerInformation
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$UserInformation
net/minecraft/util/text/event/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.event.package-info
net/minecraft/util/math/Cartesian.java
 net.minecraft.util.math.Cartesian
 net.minecraft.util.math.Cartesian$1
 net.minecraft.util.math.Cartesian$GetList
 net.minecraft.util.math.Cartesian$Product
 net.minecraft.util.math.Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerBiomeEdge
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FolderResourcePack
net/minecraft/block/material/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.package-info
net/minecraft/world/storage/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.package-info
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerAddIsland
net/minecraft/client/util/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.package-info
net/minecraft/command/SyntaxErrorException.java
 net.minecraft.command.SyntaxErrorException
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.package-info
net/minecraft/util/ITickable.java
 net.minecraft.util.ITickable
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldVertexBufferUploader.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldVertexBufferUploader
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldVertexBufferUploader$1
net/minecraft/server/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.server.package-info
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.PackMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/client/util/SuffixArray.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.SuffixArray
 net.minecraft.client.util.SuffixArray$1
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.package-info
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityOwnable.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IEntityOwnable
net/minecraft/util/registry/RegistryDefaulted.java
 net.minecraft.util.registry.RegistryDefaulted
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream.java
 net.minecraft.util.LoggingPrintStream
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBanner
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLongArray.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagLongArray
net/minecraft/entity/effect/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.entity.effect.package-info
net/minecraft/client/audio/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.package-info
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSheep2
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPig.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelPig
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerZoom.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerZoom
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityJumpHelper
net/minecraft/util/text/translation/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.translation.package-info
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyInteger
net/minecraft/advancements/package-info.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.package-info
net/minecraft/util/Session.java
 net.minecraft.util.Session
 net.minecraft.util.Session$Type
net/minecraft/entity/EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry
mcp/MethodsReturnNonnullByDefault.java
 mcp.MethodsReturnNonnullByDefault
net/minecraft/client/resources/IReloadableResourceManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IReloadableResourceManager
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.ICamera
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.ModifiableAttributeInstance
net/minecraft/util/datafix/IFixableData.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.IFixableData
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.LayeredColorMaskTexture
net/minecraft/client/AnvilConverterException.java
 net.minecraft.client.AnvilConverterException
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombie.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelZombie
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureMapPopulator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.ITextureMapPopulator
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityBodyHelper
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelWolf
net/minecraft/util/MapPopulator.java
 net.minecraft.util.MapPopulator
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/BedItemColor.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.BedItemColor
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyEncryptingEncoder
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/AbstractCriterionInstance.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.AbstractCriterionInstance
net/minecraft/inventory/ClickType.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ClickType
net/minecraft/util/datafix/fixes/HorseSplit.java
 net.minecraft.util.datafix.fixes.HorseSplit
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelRabbit
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockFaceUV
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockFaceUV$Deserializer
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil.java
 net.minecraft.util.HttpUtil
 net.minecraft.util.HttpUtil$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSetSlot.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSetSlot
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeProvider.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeProvider
net/minecraft/block/BlockHardenedClay.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHardenedClay
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWall
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWall$EnumType
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.MobSpawnerBaseLogic
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPressurePlateWeighted
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$1
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$1$1
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$2
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$2$1
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/LocationPredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.LocationPredicate
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenEndCity.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenEndCity
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenEndCity$Start
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureComponent
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureComponent$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureComponent$BlockSelector
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockButton
 net.minecraft.block.BlockButton$1
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandFill
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWoodSlab
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityMooshroom
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFishingRod
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFishingRod$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneOre
net/minecraft/advancements/FunctionManager.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.FunctionManager
 net.minecraft.advancements.FunctionManager$1
 net.minecraft.advancements.FunctionManager$QueuedCommand
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketMoveVehicle.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketMoveVehicle
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEvoker.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEvoker
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEvoker$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/color/IItemColor.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.IItemColor
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeEndDecorator.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeEndDecorator
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeEndDecorator$1
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeEndDecorator$SpikeCacheLoader
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityMob
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeSwamp.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeSwamp
net/minecraft/command/CommandReload.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandReload
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$Orientation
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditCommandBlockMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiEditCommandBlockMinecart
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiEditCommandBlockMinecart$1
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityXPOrb
net/minecraft/command/ICommand.java
 net.minecraft.command.ICommand
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDesert.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeDesert
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityCommandBlock
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityCommandBlock$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityCommandBlock$Mode
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesBanners
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandPardonPlayer
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlowerPot
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlowerPot$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/DebugRendererChunkBorder.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRendererChunkBorder
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotMerchantResult
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderCow
net/minecraft/block/BlockBookshelf.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBookshelf
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketTabComplete.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketTabComplete
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityLargeFireball
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable.java
 net.minecraft.block.IGrowable
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBoat.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBoat
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiFurnace
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSpell.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSpell
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSpell$AmbientMobFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSpell$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSpell$InstantFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSpell$MobFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSpell$WitchFactory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/SimpleBakedModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.SimpleBakedModel
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.SimpleBakedModel$Builder
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock
net/minecraft/inventory/Container.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.Container
net/minecraft/advancements/Criterion.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.Criterion
net/minecraft/item/ItemShield.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemShield
 net.minecraft.item.ItemShield$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityHopper
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityList
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityList$EntityEggInfo
net/minecraft/client/gui/advancements/GuiAdvancement.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.advancements.GuiAdvancement
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPlayer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerCustomHead
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHay
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleFlame.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFlame
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFlame$Factory
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiYesNo
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwnerFlying.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollowOwnerFlying
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/BrewedPotionTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.BrewedPotionTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.BrewedPotionTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.BrewedPotionTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketRecipeBook.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketRecipeBook
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketRecipeBook$State
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWallSign
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWallSign$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSheep
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.MapGenBase
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSeaLantern
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIronGolem
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIronGolem$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntitySkullRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntitySkullRenderer$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemEmptyMap.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEmptyMap
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityBeaconRenderer
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiUtilRenderComponents.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiUtilRenderComponents
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenOptionsSounds
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandWorldBorder
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeForest.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeForest
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeForest$Type
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandServerKick
net/minecraft/block/BlockObsidian.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockObsidian
net/minecraft/client/settings/CreativeSettings.java
 net.minecraft.client.settings.CreativeSettings
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException.java
 net.minecraft.util.ReportedException
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSpikes.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSpikes
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSpikes$EndSpike
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiGameOver
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen.java
 net.minecraft.realms.DisconnectedRealmsScreen
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigateClimber
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketPlayerTryUseItemOnBlock.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayerTryUseItemOnBlock
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.InventoryPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.player.InventoryPlayer$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiNewChat
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPigZombie
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPigZombie$AIHurtByAggressor
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPigZombie$AITargetAggressor
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsBridge
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainer
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeOcean.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeOcean
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveFormatOld
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDeadBush
net/minecraft/block/BlockEmptyDrops.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEmptyDrops
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentKnockback
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.MapGenRavine
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP.java
 net.minecraft.client.entity.EntityPlayerSP
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEvoker.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEvoker
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEvoker$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEvoker$AIAttackSpell
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEvoker$AICastingSpell
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEvoker$AISummonSpell
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEvoker$AIWololoSpell
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEvoker$AIWololoSpell$1
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveHandlerMP
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketKeepAlive.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketKeepAlive
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerArmorBase
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerArmorBase$1
net/minecraft/advancements/DisplayInfo.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.DisplayInfo
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITargetNonTamed.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITargetNonTamed
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/PlayerHurtEntityTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PlayerHurtEntityTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PlayerHurtEntityTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PlayerHurtEntityTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.entity.NpcMerchant
net/minecraft/item/ItemBed.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBed
net/minecraft/client/network/ServerPinger.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.ServerPinger
 net.minecraft.client.network.ServerPinger$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.ServerPinger$2
 net.minecraft.client.network.ServerPinger$2$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderFallingBlock
net/minecraft/item/ItemArrow.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArrow
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSetPassengers.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSetPassengers
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureMap
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureMap$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureMap$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureMap$3
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderVillager
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleFallingDust.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFallingDust
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFallingDust$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOcelotAttack
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.TeleportToTeam
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleTotem.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleTotem
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleTotem$Factory
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerPlayer
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerPlayer$1
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerPlayer$2
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackSelected.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiResourcePackSelected
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/DamageSourcePredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.DamageSourcePredicate
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseSittingFlaming.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseSittingFlaming
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptionButton
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainerCreative
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainerCreative$LockedSlot
net/minecraft/village/Village.java
 net.minecraft.village.Village
 net.minecraft.village.Village$VillageAggressor
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.Gui
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/LootingEnchantBonus.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.LootingEnchantBonus
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.LootingEnchantBonus$Serializer
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesArmorDyes
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiKeyBindingList
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiKeyBindingList$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.OpenGlHelper
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.OpenGlHelper$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.OpenGlHelper$FboMode
net/minecraft/block/BlockGravel.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGravel
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLiving
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenEndGateway.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenEndGateway
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer.java
 net.minecraft.network.PacketBuffer
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeVoidDecorator.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeVoidDecorator
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCreateFlatWorld
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMainMenu
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleDigging.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleDigging
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleDigging$Factory
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonument
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockAir
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListButton
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLog
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLog$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLog$EnumAxis
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPortal
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPortal$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPortal$Size
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker.java
 net.minecraft.util.CombatTracker
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiIngame
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiIngame$1
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentVanishingCurse.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentVanishingCurse
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentWaterWalker
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandHandler
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/EnchantRandomly.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.EnchantRandomly
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.EnchantRandomly$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerEndermanEyes
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.IPlayerFileData
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeRiver.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeRiver
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMemoryErrorScreen
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentFireAspect
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketRespawn.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketRespawn
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderWorker
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderWorker$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderWorker$2
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry.java
 net.minecraft.util.CombatEntry
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityArrow
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityArrow$1
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityArrow$PickupStatus
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNote
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerMooshroomMushroom
net/minecraft/item/ItemSplashPotion.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSplashPotion
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs.java
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$1
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$10
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$11
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$12
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$2
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$3
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$4
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$5
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$6
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$7
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$8
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$9
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege.java
 net.minecraft.village.VillageSiege
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.ShapedRecipes
net/minecraft/item/ItemTippedArrow.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemTippedArrow
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry.java
 net.minecraft.world.NextTickListEntry
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITradePlayer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityAttach.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityAttach
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSpiderEyes
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseBase.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseBase
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager.java
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$1
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$2
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$3
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$4
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$5
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$6
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/DebugRendererCollisionBox.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRendererCollisionBox
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGlass
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapExtending.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesMapExtending
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/DebugRendererPathfinding.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRendererPathfinding
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSaddle
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.INetHandlerPlayServer
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSlab
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf
net/minecraft/item/ItemSpectralArrow.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSpectralArrow
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityEnderEye
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarrot.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCarrot
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderDragon
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseLandingApproach.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseLandingApproach
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.MapGenCaves
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCrops
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMycelium
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandTrigger
net/minecraft/network/datasync/EntityDataManager.java
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.EntityDataManager
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.EntityDataManager$DataEntry
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipeFireworks
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeHell
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.ExtendedBlockStorage
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowDamage
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$1
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$10
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$2
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$3
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$4
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$5
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$6
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$7
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$8
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$9
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/DebugRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRenderer$IDebugRenderer
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySkeleton
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMultiTexture
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMultiTexture$1
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMultiTexture$Mapper
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkGeneratorOverworld.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorOverworld
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityEvokerFangs.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityEvokerFangs
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleLava.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleLava
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleLava$Factory
net/minecraft/init/Items.java
 net.minecraft.init.Items
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnow.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSnow
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenIcePath
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeJungle.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeJungle
net/minecraft/network/status/client/CPacketServerQuery.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.client.CPacketServerQuery
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStandingSign
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButton
net/minecraft/client/particle/Particle.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.Particle
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrassPath.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGrassPath
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGrassPath$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher$PendingUpload
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketClientSettings.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketClientSettings
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerDispenser
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMap
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleDragonBreath.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleDragonBreath
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleDragonBreath$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIVillagerMate
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHorseInventory
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHorseInventory$1
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHorseInventory$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLog
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLog$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLog$2
net/minecraft/init/Biomes.java
 net.minecraft.init.Biomes
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.DerivedWorldInfo
net/minecraft/network/datasync/DataSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializer
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer.java
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerStatusServer
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLanguage
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLanguage$List
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerListEntryLanScan
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGolem
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.EntityDragon
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandClone
 net.minecraft.command.CommandClone$StaticCloneData
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemStack
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketPlayerListHeaderFooter.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlayerListHeaderFooter
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilChunkLoader
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilChunkLoader$1
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketHeldItemChange.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketHeldItemChange
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryEnderChest
net/minecraft/client/gui/advancements/GuiScreenAdvancements.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.advancements.GuiScreenAdvancements
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.INetHandlerLoginClient
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenDungeons
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditStructure.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiEditStructure
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiEditStructure$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSponge
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.IStateMapper
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandListBans
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandListPlayers
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSummon
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/multipart/ConditionPropertyValue.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ConditionPropertyValue
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ConditionPropertyValue$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ConditionPropertyValue$2
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseLanding.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseLanding
net/minecraft/client/audio/ITickableSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ITickableSound
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockRendererDispatcher
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockRendererDispatcher$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackMelee.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIAttackMelee
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVindicator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderVindicator
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderVindicator$1
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandExecuteAt
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer$1
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer$2
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer$3
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer$4
net/minecraft/util/text/TextComponentUtils.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentUtils
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerEnderDragonEyes
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/DebugRendererHeightMap.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRendererHeightMap
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenWorking
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandMessageRaw
net/minecraft/client/gui/toasts/SystemToast.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.SystemToast
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.SystemToast$Type
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiInventory
net/minecraft/stats/StatList.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatList
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.FactoryBlockPattern
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderMooshroom
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHalfStoneSlab
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBlock
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenWaterlily.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenWaterlily
net/minecraft/server/management/DemoPlayerInteractionManager.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.DemoPlayerInteractionManager
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.ShapelessRecipes
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveThroughVillage
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDaylightDetector
net/minecraft/block/BlockObserver.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockObserver
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirectional.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDirectional
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotFurnaceOutput
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSplash.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSplash
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSplash$Factory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerWitherAura
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderTNTPrimed
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBush.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBush
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketMultiBlockChange.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketMultiBlockChange
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/VillagerTradeTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.VillagerTradeTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.VillagerTradeTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.VillagerTradeTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitherSkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityWitherSkeleton
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeSkin
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeSkin$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOverlayDebug
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOverlayDebug$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWanderAvoidWater.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIWanderAvoidWater
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStainedGlass
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockVine
 net.minecraft.block.BlockVine$1
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/ItemPredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ItemPredicate
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerElytra.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerElytra
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource.java
 net.minecraft.util.DamageSource
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEndermite
net/minecraft/world/chunk/BlockStateContainer.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.BlockStateContainer
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess.java
 net.minecraft.world.IBlockAccess
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartCommandBlock.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartCommandBlock
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartCommandBlock$2
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemDye
net/minecraft/item/ItemElytra.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemElytra
 net.minecraft.item.ItemElytra$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEventData
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityDragonFireball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityDragonFireball
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemDoor
net/minecraft/stats/RecipeBook.java
 net.minecraft.stats.RecipeBook
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenTaiga1
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFireworkCharge
net/minecraft/client/gui/BossInfoClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.BossInfoClient
 net.minecraft.client.gui.BossInfoClient$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityChest
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityChest$1
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityThrowable
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoor
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoor$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityDispenser
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockPattern
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockPattern$CacheLoader
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockPattern$PatternHelper
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAICreeperSwell
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartEmpty
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHusk.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderHusk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelManager
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTallGrass
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTallGrass$EnumType
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSaveAll
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderEye.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEnderEye
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ServerScoreboard
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMonsterPlacer
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/SetCount.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetCount
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetCount$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWorldSelection.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiWorldSelection
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerChest
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityCow
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityPainting
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityPainting$EnumArt
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEndPortalFrame
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketCustomSound.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCustomSound
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDirt
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDirt$DirtType
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager.java
 net.minecraft.command.ICommandManager
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLlama.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLlama
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListWorldSelection.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListWorldSelection
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection.java
 net.minecraft.village.VillageCollection
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketCloseWindow.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCloseWindow
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.Slot
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiVideoSettings
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleExplosion.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleExplosion
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleExplosion$Factory
net/minecraft/block/BlockButtonStone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockButtonStone
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleRain.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleRain
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleRain$Factory
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntryFound
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRail
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRail$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPainting
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBrewingStand
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSquid
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChestRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ChestRenderer
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeSnow.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeSnow
net/minecraft/item/ItemKnowledgeBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemKnowledgeBook
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiScreenHorseInventory
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketScoreboardObjective.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketResourcePackSend.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketResourcePackSend
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/EnchantedItemTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EnchantedItemTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EnchantedItemTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EnchantedItemTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpectralArrow.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSpectralArrow
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecartMobSpawner.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderMinecartMobSpawner
net/minecraft/item/ItemBoat.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBoat
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/Smelt.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.Smelt
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.Smelt$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings.java
 net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings
 net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings$1
 net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings$2
 net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings$Options
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFire
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/conditions/KilledByPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.KilledByPlayer
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.KilledByPlayer$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerLoginClient
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerLoginClient$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast$AILookAround
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast$AIRandomFly
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIHarvestFarmland
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBrewingStand
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandPublishLocalServer
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityDonkey.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityDonkey
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/PunchTreeStep.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.PunchTreeStep
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerWorkbench
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponentTemplate.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureComponentTemplate
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureComponentTemplate$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderMagmaCube
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketBlockBreakAnim.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketBlockBreakAnim
net/minecraft/item/Item.java
 net.minecraft.item.Item
 net.minecraft.item.Item$1
 net.minecraft.item.Item$10
 net.minecraft.item.Item$11
 net.minecraft.item.Item$12
 net.minecraft.item.Item$13
 net.minecraft.item.Item$14
 net.minecraft.item.Item$15
 net.minecraft.item.Item$16
 net.minecraft.item.Item$17
 net.minecraft.item.Item$18
 net.minecraft.item.Item$19
 net.minecraft.item.Item$2
 net.minecraft.item.Item$20
 net.minecraft.item.Item$21
 net.minecraft.item.Item$3
 net.minecraft.item.Item$4
 net.minecraft.item.Item$5
 net.minecraft.item.Item$6
 net.minecraft.item.Item$7
 net.minecraft.item.Item$8
 net.minecraft.item.Item$9
 net.minecraft.item.Item$ToolMaterial
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockIce
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiChest
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWorldEdit.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiWorldEdit
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandDefaultGameMode
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityItemFrame
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseHover.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseHover
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeSavannaMutated.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeSavannaMutated
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemShears
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.MapItemRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.gui.MapItemRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.MapItemRenderer$Instance
net/minecraft/command/CommandSenderWrapper.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSenderWrapper
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCactus
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketClientStatus.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketClientStatus
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketClientStatus$State
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.INetHandlerPlayClient
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSpawnExperienceOrb.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSpawnExperienceOrb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderCrystal.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEnderCrystal
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenNetherBridge
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenNetherBridge$Start
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerDemo.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServerDemo
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLlamaSpit.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityLlamaSpit
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandDebug
net/minecraft/item/ItemAnvilBlock.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemAnvilBlock
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoublePlant
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ServerList
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/GuiButtonRecipe.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.GuiButtonRecipe
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerMerchant
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.BlockStateMapper
net/minecraft/pathfinding/NodeProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.NodeProcessor
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/InventoryChangeTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.InventoryChangeTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.InventoryChangeTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.InventoryChangeTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ScreenChatOptions
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication.java
 net.minecraft.client.player.inventory.LocalBlockIntercommunication
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryLargeChest
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenReed.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenReed
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleExplosionLarge.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleExplosionLarge
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleExplosionLarge$Factory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VboChunkFactory.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.VboChunkFactory
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenCustomizePresets
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLiquid
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityTameable
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/UsedEnderEyeTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.UsedEnderEyeTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.UsedEnderEyeTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.UsedEnderEyeTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/multipart/Multipart.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.Multipart
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.Multipart$Deserializer
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityFurnace
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSnowMan
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArmorStand.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderArmorStand
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderArmorStand$1
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFrostWalker.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentFrostWalker
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityAgeable
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenResourcePacks
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneLight
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsScreen
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.IRecipe
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSelectAdvancementsTab.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSelectAdvancementsTab
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandGive
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILlamaFollowCaravan.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILlamaFollowCaravan
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSpawnPosition.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSpawnPosition
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/EnterBlockTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EnterBlockTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EnterBlockTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EnterBlockTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStone
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStone$EnumType
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerInfo.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.LanServerInfo
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackRangedBow.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIAttackRangedBow
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone1.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenGlowStone1
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateContainer.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockStateContainer
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockStateContainer$1
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockStateContainer$StateImplementation
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseChest.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHorseChest
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandGameRule
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenDesertWells
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PreYggdrasilConverter
 net.minecraft.server.management.PreYggdrasilConverter$1
 net.minecraft.server.management.PreYggdrasilConverter$2
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.CraftingManager
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntitySkull
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleManager
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleManager$1
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleManager$2
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleManager$3
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleManager$4
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveDataMemoryStorage
net/minecraft/client/audio/ElytraSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ElytraSound
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Church
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Field1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Field2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Hall
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$House1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$House2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$House3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Path
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Road
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Start
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Torch
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Village
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Well
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut
net/minecraft/item/ItemAir.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemAir
net/minecraft/block/BlockShulkerBox.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockShulkerBox
 net.minecraft.block.BlockShulkerBox$1
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.entity.AbstractClientPlayer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPigZombie
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPigZombie$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketTabComplete.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketTabComplete
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ClientAdvancementManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ClientAdvancementManager
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ClientAdvancementManager$IListener
net/minecraft/world/BossInfoServer.java
 net.minecraft.world.BossInfoServer
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIceSpike.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenIceSpike
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLakes.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenLakes
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiHopper
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandWhitelist
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfWoodSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHalfWoodSlab
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityMobSpawner
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityMobSpawner$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityMobSpawner$2
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.BehaviorProjectileDispense
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/ConstructBeaconTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ConstructBeaconTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ConstructBeaconTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ConstructBeaconTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/item/ItemSoup.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSoup
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProvider
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSpider
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptionsRowList
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptionsRowList$Row
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityRendererDispatcher
net/minecraft/item/ItemPiston.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemPiston
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/IRenderChunkFactory.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.IRenderChunkFactory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIllusionIllager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderIllusionIllager
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderIllusionIllager$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptions
net/minecraft/item/ItemLilyPad.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemLilyPad
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderGuardian
net/minecraft/item/IItemPropertyGetter.java
 net.minecraft.item.IItemPropertyGetter
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathFinder
net/minecraft/block/BlockHorizontal.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHorizontal
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedFlower.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedFlower
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiShareToLan
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseSittingScanning.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseSittingScanning
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil.java
 net.minecraft.network.PacketThreadUtil
 net.minecraft.network.PacketThreadUtil$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketBlockChange.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketBlockChange
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityNote
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/TameAnimalTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.TameAnimalTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.TameAnimalTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.TameAnimalTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderShulkerBullet.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderShulkerBullet
net/minecraft/block/BlockPackedIce.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPackedIce
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenDoublePlant
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSpit.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSpit
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSpit$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartContainer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.CompiledChunk
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.CompiledChunk$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSilverfish
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockFluidRenderer
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon$Button
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon$CancelButton
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon$PowerButton
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerSelectionList
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityComparator
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityFireball
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketUpdateTileEntity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUpdateTileEntity
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityFlying
net/minecraft/world/World.java
 net.minecraft.world.World
 net.minecraft.world.World$1
 net.minecraft.world.World$2
 net.minecraft.world.World$3
 net.minecraft.world.World$4
 net.minecraft.world.World$5
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNetherWart
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIWander
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityVindicator.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityVindicator
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityVindicator$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityVindicator$AIJohnnyAttack
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderGiantZombie
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderGiantZombie$1
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseHoldingPattern.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseHoldingPattern
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSword
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/MovementStep.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.MovementStep
net/minecraft/item/ItemExpBottle.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemExpBottle
net/minecraft/pathfinding/SwimNodeProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.SwimNodeProcessor
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache.java
 net.minecraft.world.ChunkCache
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTrapDoor
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTrapDoor$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/SetDamage.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetDamage
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetDamage$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.PositionedSoundRecord
net/minecraft/network/datasync/DataParameter.java
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataParameter
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathWorldListener.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathWorldListener
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkGeneratorEnd.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorEnd
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/EntityHurtPlayerTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EntityHurtPlayerTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EntityHurtPlayerTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EntityHurtPlayerTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSand
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSand$EnumType
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBeacon
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketDisplayObjective.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketDisplayObjective
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.PositionedSound
net/minecraft/advancements/CriteriaTriggers.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.CriteriaTriggers
net/minecraft/network/login/server/SPacketDisconnect.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.SPacketDisconnect
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLivingBase.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLivingBase
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLivingBase$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockChorusPlant.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockChorusPlant
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServerCommandManager.java
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServerCommandManager
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSeeds
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/LootFunction.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.LootFunction
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.LootFunction$Serializer
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombieVillager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityZombieVillager
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer.java
 net.minecraft.world.ILockableContainer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSpawnMob.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSpawnMob
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityPig
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderZombie
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderZombie$1
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipeRepairItem
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldSummary.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldSummary
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLadder
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLadder$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Igloo
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid$Stones
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomePlains.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomePlains
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateMatcher.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockStateMatcher
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockStateMatcher$1
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSaveOff
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonBase
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonBase$1
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSetPlayerTimeout
net/minecraft/command/RecipeCommand.java
 net.minecraft.command.RecipeCommand
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSpreadPlayers
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSpreadPlayers$Position
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$End
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEnchantmentTable
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandWeather
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.CreativeCrafting
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTallGrass.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenTallGrass
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/multipart/Selector.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.Selector
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.Selector$Deserializer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.Selector$Deserializer$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.Selector$Deserializer$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderXPOrb
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/conditions/EntityHasScore.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.EntityHasScore
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.EntityHasScore$Serializer
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntitySign
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntitySign$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntitySign$2
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsLevelSummary
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStronghold
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStronghold$Start
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonLanguage.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButtonLanguage
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsConnect
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsConnect$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBigTree
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBigTree$FoliageCoordinates
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySpectralArrow.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntitySpectralArrow
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseDying.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseDying
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.StateMap
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.StateMap$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.StateMap$Builder
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderWitch
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiDownloadTerrain
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeHills.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeHills
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeHills$Type
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$1
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ITradeList
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ListEnchantedBookForEmeralds
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$PriceInfo
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$TreasureMapForEmeralds
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityEnderPearl
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenerator
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ViewFrustum
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemHangingEntity
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnchantmentNameParts
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigate
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleFootStep.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFootStep
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFootStep$Factory
net/minecraft/pathfinding/WalkNodeProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.WalkNodeProcessor
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedSandstone
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedSandstone$EnumType
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBakery.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBakery
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBakery$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBakery$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBakery$3
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryHelper
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSweepAttack.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSweepAttack
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSweepAttack$Factory
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneComparator
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneComparator$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketOpenWindow.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketOpenWindow
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLeaf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLeaf$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSand
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsSliderButton
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartMobSpawner.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartMobSpawner
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartMobSpawner$2
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSeedFood
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderPearl.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEnderPearl
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIBreakDoor
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/GuiRecipeBook.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.GuiRecipeBook
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityHorse
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityHorse$GroupData
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityEnderChest
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityEnderCrystal
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOcelotSit
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.IHopper
net/minecraft/entity/passive/AbstractHorse.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.AbstractHorse
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.AbstractHorse$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer$4
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandDeOp
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGrass
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLabel
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLlamaSpit.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLlamaSpit
net/minecraft/item/ItemEgg.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEgg
net/minecraft/world/chunk/BlockStatePaletteHashMap.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.BlockStatePaletteHashMap
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.ChunkPrimer
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake.java
 net.minecraft.network.handshake.client.C00Handshake
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketCooldown.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCooldown
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEndPortal
net/minecraft/world/end/DragonFightManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.end.DragonFightManager
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDigging
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ThreadDownloadImageData
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ThreadDownloadImageData$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeWorldScreen
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.InventoryEffectRenderer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderAreaEffectCloud.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderAreaEffectCloud
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager.java
 net.minecraft.command.ServerCommandManager
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketChangeGameState.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketChangeGameState
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleExplosionHuge.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleExplosionHuge
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleExplosionHuge$Factory
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBed.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBed
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServer
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServer$1
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServer$ServerBlockEventList
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerRepair
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerRepair$1
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerRepair$2
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerRepair$3
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSkull
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSkull$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSkull$2
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/GuiRecipeOverlay.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.GuiRecipeOverlay
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.GuiRecipeOverlay$Button
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeVoid.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeVoid
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/conditions/LootConditionManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.LootConditionManager
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.LootConditionManager$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ListedRenderChunk
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/EnchantWithLevels.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.EnchantWithLevels
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.EnchantWithLevels$Serializer
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource.java
 net.minecraft.network.rcon.RConConsoleSource
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSleepMP
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilSaveHandler
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketCamera.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCamera
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketChatMessage.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketChatMessage
net/minecraft/item/ItemSpade.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSpade
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenVillage
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenVillage$Start
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockChest
 net.minecraft.block.BlockChest$Type
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFire.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenFire
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityHusk.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityHusk
net/minecraft/world/ServerWorldEventHandler.java
 net.minecraft.world.ServerWorldEventHandler
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEvokerFangs.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEvokerFangs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMule.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityMule
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBreakable
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerListEntryLanDetected
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IBlockStatePalette.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.IBlockStatePalette
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/ConsumeItemTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ConsumeItemTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ConsumeItemTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ConsumeItemTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.Render
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/IBakedModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.IBakedModel
net/minecraft/network/datasync/DataSerializers.java
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$1
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$10
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$11
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$12
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$13
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$14
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$2
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$3
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$4
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$5
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$6
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$7
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$8
 net.minecraft.network.datasync.DataSerializers$9
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSlot
net/minecraft/block/BlockButtonWood.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockButtonWood
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BuiltInModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BuiltInModel
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFleeSun
net/minecraft/item/ItemCloth.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemCloth
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketCreativeInventoryAction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketCreativeInventoryAction
net/minecraft/item/ItemEndCrystal.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEndCrystal
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandBase
 net.minecraft.command.CommandBase$1
 net.minecraft.command.CommandBase$2
 net.minecraft.command.CommandBase$CoordinateArg
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource.java
 net.minecraft.util.EntityDamageSource
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenEndIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenEndIsland
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/SetNBT.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetNBT
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetNBT$Serializer
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenAbstractTree
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MovingSound
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction
net/minecraft/potion/PotionUtils.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionUtils
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketUnloadChunk.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUnloadChunk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderCaveSpider
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandOp
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStaticLiquid
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/IRecipeShownListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.IRecipeShownListener
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenMineshaft
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenMineshaft$Type
net/minecraft/advancements/ICriterionTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.ICriterionTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.ICriterionTrigger$Listener
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityItem
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone2.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenGlowStone2
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketUpdateSign.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketUpdateSign
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerShulkerBox.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerShulkerBox
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemTool
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySnowman
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/KilledTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.KilledTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.KilledTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.KilledTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSoundEffect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSoundEffect
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBasePressurePlate
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPressurePlate
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPressurePlate$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenTrees
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState.java
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState$1
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState$2
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState$3
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState$4
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStairs
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStairs$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStairs$EnumHalf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStairs$EnumShape
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiEnchantment
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeForestMutated.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeForestMutated
net/minecraft/item/ItemSimpleFoiled.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSimpleFoiled
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiDispenser
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenVines.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenVines
net/minecraft/init/Blocks.java
 net.minecraft.init.Blocks
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLever
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLever$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLever$EnumOrientation
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSpawnPainting.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSpawnPainting
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCocoa
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCocoa$1
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentFishingSpeed
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderFish
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandTestFor
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentSweepingEdge.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentSweepingEdge
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityPotion
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityPotion$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketDisconnect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketDisconnect
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/PlacedBlockTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PlacedBlockTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PlacedBlockTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PlacedBlockTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShieldRecipes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.ShieldRecipes
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.ShieldRecipes$Decoration
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketServerDifficulty.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketServerDifficulty
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/GhostRecipe.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.GhostRecipe
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.GhostRecipe$GhostIngredient
net/minecraft/world/end/DragonSpawnManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.end.DragonSpawnManager
 net.minecraft.world.end.DragonSpawnManager$1
 net.minecraft.world.end.DragonSpawnManager$2
 net.minecraft.world.end.DragonSpawnManager$3
 net.minecraft.world.end.DragonSpawnManager$4
 net.minecraft.world.end.DragonSpawnManager$5
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderWither
net/minecraft/client/gui/chat/NormalChatListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.chat.NormalChatListener
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityWitch
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketSteerBoat.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketSteerBoat
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSaveOn
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketJoinGame.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketJoinGame
net/minecraft/Start.java
 net.minecraft.Start
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityLlama.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityLlama
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityLlama$1
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityLlama$AIDefendTarget
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityLlama$AIHurtByTarget
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityLlama$GroupData
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/CompletedTutorialStep.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.CompletedTutorialStep
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSnooper
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSnooper$List
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeProviderSingle.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeProviderSingle
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemAppleGold
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/conditions/EntityHasProperty.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.EntityHasProperty
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.EntityHasProperty$Serializer
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTripWire
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTripWire$1
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketInput.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketInput
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerCreeperCharge
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenTaiga2
net/minecraft/world/chunk/BlockStatePaletteRegistry.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.BlockStatePaletteRegistry
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleWoodSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoubleWoodSlab
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPotion.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPotion
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIPanic
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySkeletonHorse.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySkeletonHorse
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiResourcePackList
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftStart.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftStart
net/minecraft/client/util/RecipeItemHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.RecipeItemHelper
 net.minecraft.client.util.RecipeItemHelper$RecipePicker
net/minecraft/command/CommandFunction.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandFunction
net/minecraft/client/renderer/color/ItemColors.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors$4
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors$5
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors$6
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors$7
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.ItemColors$8
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCommandBlock
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailBase
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailBase$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailBase$Rail
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/Tutorial.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.Tutorial
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPlayerTabOverlay
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPlayerTabOverlay$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPlayerTabOverlay$PlayerComparator
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenClay
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerHandshakeMemory
net/minecraft/client/particle/IParticleFactory.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.IParticleFactory
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSetExperience.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSetExperience
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerFurnace
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathHeap.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathHeap
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBanner
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VboRenderList.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.VboRenderList
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect.java
 net.minecraft.util.EntityDamageSourceIndirect
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleNote.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleNote
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleNote$Factory
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu.java
 net.minecraft.client.player.inventory.ContainerLocalMenu
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemPotion
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer.java
 net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer
 net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer$1
 net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer$2
 net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer$3
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProviderHell
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProviderHell$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFurnace
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFurnace$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntity
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBanIp
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketConfirmTransaction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketConfirmTransaction
net/minecraft/item/ItemCompass.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemCompass
 net.minecraft.item.ItemCompass$1
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe.java
 net.minecraft.village.MerchantRecipe
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFood
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndGateway.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEndGateway
net/minecraft/block/BlockStructureVoid.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStructureVoid
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSnowball
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCarpet
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/template/Template.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.Template
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.Template$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.Template$2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.Template$3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.Template$BasicPalette
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.Template$BlockInfo
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.Template$EntityInfo
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityEgg.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityEgg
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFenceGate
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketUseBed.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUseBed
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/CuredZombieVillagerTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.CuredZombieVillagerTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.CuredZombieVillagerTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.CuredZombieVillagerTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenHellLava
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityAnimal
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPane
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPane$1
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerEnchantment
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerEnchantment$1
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerEnchantment$2
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerEnchantment$3
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/EntityPredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EntityPredicate
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/multipart/ICondition.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ICondition
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ICondition$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ICondition$1$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ICondition$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ICondition$2$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.RandomPositionGenerator
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHopper
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IMerchant
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityFireworkRocket
net/minecraft/block/BlockYellowFlower.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockYellowFlower
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/SummonedEntityTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.SummonedEntityTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.SummonedEntityTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.SummonedEntityTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityEffect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityEffect
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketStatistics.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketStatistics
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMelon.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMelon
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleCrit.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleCrit
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleCrit$DamageIndicatorFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleCrit$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleCrit$MagicFactory
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandShowSeed
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragonFireball.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderDragonFireball
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/IPhase.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.IPhase
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP.java
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerHandshakeTCP
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerHandshakeTCP$1
net/minecraft/network/login/server/SPacketLoginSuccess.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.SPacketLoginSuccess
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructure
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructure$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructure$2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructure$3
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.MapData
 net.minecraft.world.storage.MapData$MapInfo
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlazedTerracotta.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGlazedTerracotta
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderHorse
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketWindowProperty.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketWindowProperty
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap.java
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$1
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$10
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$11
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$12
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$13
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$14
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$15
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$16
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$17
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$18
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$2
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$3
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$4
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$5
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$6
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$7
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$7$1
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$8
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$8$1
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$9
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$BehaviorDispenseBoat
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$BehaviorDispenseOptional
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$BehaviorDispenseShulkerBox
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/SetAttributes.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetAttributes
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetAttributes$Modifier
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetAttributes$Serializer
net/minecraft/network/status/server/SPacketServerInfo.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.server.SPacketServerInfo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPig
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandEmote
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentWaterWorker
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderBoat
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityStructure.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityStructure
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityStructure$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityStructure$2
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityStructure$Mode
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSpectator
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketExplosion.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketExplosion
net/minecraft/block/BlockFrostedIce.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFrostedIce
net/minecraft/dispenser/ILocatableSource.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.ILocatableSource
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityParrot.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityParrot
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityParrot$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ChunkRenderContainer
net/minecraft/advancements/AdvancementProgress.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementProgress
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementProgress$Serializer
net/minecraft/tileentity/BannerPattern.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.BannerPattern
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityMagmaCube
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentBindingCurse.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentBindingCurse
net/minecraft/block/BlockClay.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockClay
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerStrayClothing.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerStrayClothing
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCactus.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenCactus
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIDoorInteract
net/minecraft/client/audio/GuardianSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.GuardianSound
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandReplaceItem
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer.java
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServer
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServer$1
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServer$2
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServer$3
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMultiplayer
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityBoat
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityBoat$1
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityBoat$Status
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityBoat$Type
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList.java
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedPlayerList
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITarget
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition$MissingVariantException
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventoryChangedListener.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.IInventoryChangedListener
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseStrafePlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseStrafePlayer
net/minecraft/command/AdvancementCommand.java
 net.minecraft.command.AdvancementCommand
 net.minecraft.command.AdvancementCommand$1
 net.minecraft.command.AdvancementCommand$ActionType
 net.minecraft.command.AdvancementCommand$ActionType$1
 net.minecraft.command.AdvancementCommand$ActionType$2
 net.minecraft.command.AdvancementCommand$Mode
net/minecraft/entity/monster/AbstractIllager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.AbstractIllager
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.AbstractIllager$IllagerArmPose
net/minecraft/command/FunctionObject.java
 net.minecraft.command.FunctionObject
 net.minecraft.command.FunctionObject$CacheableFunction
 net.minecraft.command.FunctionObject$CommandEntry
 net.minecraft.command.FunctionObject$Entry
 net.minecraft.command.FunctionObject$FunctionEntry
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandTime
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlabNew.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoubleStoneSlabNew
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderItem.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$10
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$4
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$5
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$6
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$7
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$8
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderItem$9
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemOverride.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemOverride
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemOverride$Deserializer
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityHanging
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityHanging$1
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityHanging$2
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandEntityData
net/minecraft/client/gui/toasts/AdvancementToast.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.AdvancementToast
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/DebugRendererWater.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRendererWater
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreen
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSkull
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeEnd.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeEnd
net/minecraft/pathfinding/FlyingNodeProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.FlyingNodeProcessor
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireball.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFireball
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/DefaultStateMapper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.DefaultStateMapper
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEnderman
net/minecraft/block/BlockChorusFlower.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockChorusFlower
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiFlatPresets
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.TeleportToPlayer
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.TeleportToPlayer$1
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/NetherTravelTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.NetherTravelTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.NetherTravelTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.NetherTravelTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntity
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntity$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntity$2
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntity$3
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootContext.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootContext
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootContext$1
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootContext$Builder
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootContext$EntityTarget
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootContext$EntityTarget$Serializer
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTNT
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiTextField
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetworkPlayerInfo
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetworkPlayerInfo$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetworkPlayerInfo$2
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderServer
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDispenser
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonToggle.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButtonToggle
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpellcasterIllager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpellcasterIllager
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpellcasterIllager$AICastingApell
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpellcasterIllager$AIUseSpell
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpellcasterIllager$SpellType
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBirchTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBirchTree
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityEndPortalRenderer
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketConfirmTransaction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketConfirmTransaction
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBow
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBow$1
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBow$2
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsManagerServer.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatisticsManagerServer
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityFallingBlock
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMerchant
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMerchant$MerchantButton
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/RecipeBookPage.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.RecipeBookPage
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructureIO
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderParrot.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderParrot
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$1
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$IModifier
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving
net/minecraft/network/status/server/SPacketPong.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.server.SPacketPong
net/minecraft/client/gui/toasts/IToast.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.IToast
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.IToast$Visibility
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiCrafting
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler.java
 net.minecraft.profiler.Profiler
 net.minecraft.profiler.Profiler$Result
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleCloud.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleCloud
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleCloud$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMate
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseTakeoff.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseTakeoff
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeStoneBeach.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeStoneBeach
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ItemModelMesher
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySnowball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntitySnowball
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemRecord
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandGameMode
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory.java
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$1
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$2
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$3
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$4
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$5
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$Entry
net/minecraft/advancements/CriterionProgress.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.CriterionProgress
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityWolf
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityWolf$1
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityWolf$AIAvoidEntity
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockProperties.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.IBlockProperties
net/minecraft/dispenser/ILocation.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.ILocation
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkGeneratorFlat.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorFlat
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockQuartz
 net.minecraft.block.BlockQuartz$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockQuartz$EnumType
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigMushroom.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBigMushroom
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHopper
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHopper$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/advancements/AdvancementTabType.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.advancements.AdvancementTabType
 net.minecraft.client.gui.advancements.AdvancementTabType$1
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDamage
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderGlobal
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderGlobal$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderGlobal$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLeashKnot
net/minecraft/item/ItemMapBase.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMapBase
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderChicken
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPolarBear.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPolarBear
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPolarBear$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPolarBear$AIAttackPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPolarBear$AIHurtByTarget
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPolarBear$AIMeleeAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPolarBear$AIPanic
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPolarBear$GroupData
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.IChunkLoader
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseSittingBase.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseSittingBase
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMinecart
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMinecart$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemOverrideList.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemOverrideList
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootTable.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootTable
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootTable$Serializer
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTripWireHook
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTripWireHook$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlockSpecial.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBlockSpecial
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSlotRealmsProxy
net/minecraft/stats/RecipeBookServer.java
 net.minecraft.stats.RecipeBookServer
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBush
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketResourcePackStatus.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketResourcePackStatus
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketResourcePackStatus$Action
net/minecraft/block/BlockRotatedPillar.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRotatedPillar
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRotatedPillar$1
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeMushroomIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeMushroomIsland
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandScoreboard
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoubleStoneSlab
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$Stats
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsBlock
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsBlock$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsGeneral
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsItem
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsItem$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsMobsList
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSnowmanHead
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateFlying.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigateFlying
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIPlay
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHugeMushroom
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHugeMushroom$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandXP
net/minecraft/inventory/IContainerListener.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.IContainerListener
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayer
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayer$Position
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayer$PositionRotation
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayer$Rotation
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.FurnaceRecipes
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.IBlockState
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketKeepAlive.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketKeepAlive
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentMending.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentMending
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleFirework.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFirework
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFirework$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFirework$Overlay
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFirework$Spark
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleFirework$Starter
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandPardonIp
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiChat
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiChat$ChatTabCompleter
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiIngameMenu
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryCrafting
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleItemPickup.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleItemPickup
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketWindowItems.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketWindowItems
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMegaJungle
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketPlayerAbilities.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlayerAbilities
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDropper
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/DebugRendererNeighborsUpdate.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRendererNeighborsUpdate
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentLootBonus
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketDestroyEntities.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketDestroyEntities
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/OpenInventoryStep.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.OpenInventoryStep
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDaylightDetector.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityDaylightDetector
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSuspend.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSuspend
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSuspend$Factory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/debug/DebugRendererSolidFace.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.debug.DebugRendererSolidFace
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkGeneratorHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorHell
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootEntryTable.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootEntryTable
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget
net/minecraft/client/gui/toasts/TutorialToast.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.TutorialToast
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.TutorialToast$Icons
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiErrorScreen
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityHeadLook.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityHeadLook
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleEnchantmentTable.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleEnchantmentTable
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleEnchantmentTable$EnchantmentTable
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntity.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEntity
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPotato
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemModelGenerator
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemModelGenerator$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemModelGenerator$Span
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSpawnPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSpawnPlayer
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesMapCloning
net/minecraft/entity/passive/HorseArmorType.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.HorseArmorType
net/minecraft/network/LegacyPingHandler.java
 net.minecraft.network.LegacyPingHandler
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBrewingStand
net/minecraft/item/ItemChorusFruit.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemChorusFruit
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticlePortal.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticlePortal
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticlePortal$Factory
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveHandler
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandTeleport
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketPlayerListItem.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlayerListItem
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlayerListItem$1
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlayerListItem$Action
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData
net/minecraft/client/gui/chat/NarratorChatListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.chat.NarratorChatListener
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/FindTreeStep.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.FindTreeStep
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderElderGuardian.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderElderGuardian
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$4
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$5
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$6
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$7
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$8
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.IBlockSource
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$2
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem.java
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$1
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$2
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$3
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$4
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$5
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$6
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$7
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleBreaking.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleBreaking
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleBreaking$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleBreaking$SlimeFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleBreaking$SnowballFactory
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartTNT
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketUpdateBossInfo.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUpdateBossInfo
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUpdateBossInfo$1
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUpdateBossInfo$Operation
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDragonEgg
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotFurnaceFuel
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/CraftPlanksStep.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.CraftPlanksStep
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketConfirmTeleport.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketConfirmTeleport
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerIronGolemFlower
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerBipedArmor
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerBipedArmor$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenAddServer
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenAddServer$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureEndCityPieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureEndCityPieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureEndCityPieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureEndCityPieces$2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureEndCityPieces$3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureEndCityPieces$4
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureEndCityPieces$CityTemplate
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureEndCityPieces$IGenerator
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSpawnGlobalEntity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSpawnGlobalEntity
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathPoint
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSlider
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSlider$FormatHelper
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTorch
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTorch$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTorch$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerDeadmau5Head
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowFire
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/ChangeDimensionTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ChangeDimensionTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ChangeDimensionTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ChangeDimensionTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerChunkMapEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerChunkMapEntry
net/minecraft/network/login/server/SPacketEnableCompression.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.SPacketEnableCompression
net/minecraft/tileentity/CommandBlockBaseLogic.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.CommandBlockBaseLogic
 net.minecraft.tileentity.CommandBlockBaseLogic$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.CommandBlockBaseLogic$2
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.Shader
net/minecraft/network/NettyPacketEncoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyPacketEncoder
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITempt
net/minecraft/item/crafting/Ingredient.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.Ingredient
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.Ingredient$1
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySheep
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySheep$1
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySheep$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneSlabNew
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType
net/minecraft/item/ItemCoal.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemCoal
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBucketMilk
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBeacon
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLiquids.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenLiquids
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTUtil
net/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatCrafting
net/minecraft/command/ICommandListener.java
 net.minecraft.command.ICommandListener
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiBossOverlay.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiBossOverlay
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian$GuardianMoveHelper
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector
net/minecraft/client/util/RecipeBookClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.RecipeBookClient
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDynamicLiquid
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/conditions/LootCondition.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.LootCondition
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.LootCondition$Serializer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityEquipment.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityEquipment
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonExtension
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonExtension$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonMoving
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentThorns
net/minecraft/network/login/client/CPacketEncryptionResponse.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.client.CPacketEncryptionResponse
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLog
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLog$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLog$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ActiveRenderInfo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBedRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityBedRenderer
net/minecraft/util/CooldownTrackerServer.java
 net.minecraft.util.CooldownTrackerServer
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityTrackerEntry
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSpawnObject.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSpawnObject
net/minecraft/world/gen/IChunkGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.IChunkGenerator
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/ItemDurabilityTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ItemDurabilityTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ItemDurabilityTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ItemDurabilityTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Library
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$RightTurn
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper$1
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper$2
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper$3
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFossils.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenFossils
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryBasic
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMelon
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.PlayerControllerMP
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleDrip.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleDrip
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleDrip$LavaFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleDrip$WaterFactory
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityWitherSkull
net/minecraft/client/renderer/color/BlockColors.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$10
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$11
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$12
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$4
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$5
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$6
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$7
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$8
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.BlockColors$9
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowInfinite
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSnow
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArmor
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArmor$1
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/WoodlandMansionPieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$FirstFloor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$Grid
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$MansionTemplate
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$PlacementData
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$Placer
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$RoomCollection
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$SecondFloor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$SimpleGrid
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansionPieces$ThirdFloor
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/WeightedBakedModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.WeightedBakedModel
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.WeightedBakedModel$Builder
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.WeightedBakedModel$WeightedModel
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandMessage
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityShulker.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityShulker
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityShulker$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityShulker$AIAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityShulker$AIAttackNearest
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityShulker$AIDefenseAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityShulker$AIDefenseAttack$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityShulker$AIPeek
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityShulker$BodyHelper
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntitySignRenderer
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSlab
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseList.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseList
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketCollectItem.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCollectItem
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketWorldBorder.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketWorldBorder
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketWorldBorder$1
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketWorldBorder$Action
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/TutorialSteps.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.TutorialSteps
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerCape
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBroadcast
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketPlayerPosLook.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlayerPosLook
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/BredAnimalsTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.BredAnimalsTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.BredAnimalsTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.BredAnimalsTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleWaterWake.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleWaterWake
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleWaterWake$Factory
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeetroot.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBeetroot
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandHelp
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIBeg
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndRod.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEndRod
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEndRod$1
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.INetHandlerStatusClient
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTippedArrow.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderTippedArrow
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandParticle
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketClickWindow.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketClickWindow
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderSurface.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProviderSurface
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.LoadingScreenRenderer
net/minecraft/command/CommandTP.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandTP
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentData
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityTeleport.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockReed
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonImage.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButtonImage
net/minecraft/item/ItemSaddle.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSaddle
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandTestForBlock
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSkeleton
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSkeleton$1
net/minecraft/network/status/client/CPacketPing.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.client.CPacketPing
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketCustomPayload.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCustomPayload
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDropper.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityDropper
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlabNew.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHalfStoneSlabNew
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$2
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$3
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$3$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGiantZombie
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender.java
 net.minecraft.command.ICommandSender
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLivingBase
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLivingBase$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootTableManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootTableManager
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootTableManager$1
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootTableManager$Loader
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerList.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerList
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerList$1
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentOxygen
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleEmitter.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleEmitter
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServerMulti
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServerMulti$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Peice
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Room
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenCanopyTree
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWeb
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer.java
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerLoginServer
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerLoginServer$1
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerLoginServer$2
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.FontRenderer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLightningBolt
net/minecraft/item/ItemWritableBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemWritableBook
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSlime
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/SetMetadata.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetMetadata
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.SetMetadata$Serializer
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityVex.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityVex
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityVex$AIChargeAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityVex$AICopyOwnerTarget
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityVex$AIMoveControl
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityVex$AIMoveRandom
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketPlayerDigging.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayerDigging
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayerDigging$Action
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLeashKnot
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityProperties.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityProperties
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityProperties$Snapshot
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderMinecart
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.ChunkLoader
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerLlamaDecor.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerLlamaDecor
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitherSkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderWitherSkeleton
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowKnockback
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEffect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEffect
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIAvoidEntity
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIAvoidEntity$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$AISlimeHop
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandPlaySound
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBlockBlob
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSwamp
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/ImpossibleTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ImpossibleTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.ImpossibleTrigger$Instance
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiWinGame
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft.java
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$1
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$10
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$11
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$12
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$13
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$14
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$15
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$16
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$2
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$3
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$4
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$5
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$6
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$7
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$8
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$9
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEntityOnShoulder.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerEntityOnShoulder
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerEntityOnShoulder$DataHolder
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemPickaxe
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeCache
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeCache$Block
net/minecraft/client/gui/advancements/GuiAdvancementTab.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.advancements.GuiAdvancementTab
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAISit
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandCompare
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleBlockDust.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleBlockDust
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleBlockDust$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIVillagerInteract
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/EffectsChangedTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EffectsChangedTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EffectsChangedTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EffectsChangedTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityStructureRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityStructureRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityStructureRenderer$1
net/minecraft/advancements/PlayerAdvancements.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.PlayerAdvancements
 net.minecraft.advancements.PlayerAdvancements$1
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAreaEffectCloud.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityAreaEffectCloud
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProviderEnd
net/minecraft/util/Timer.java
 net.minecraft.util.Timer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityChestRenderer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderShulker.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderShulker
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderShulker$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderShulker$HeadLayer
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandStats
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEnchantedBook
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketTimeUpdate.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketTimeUpdate
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedHardenedClay.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStainedHardenedClay
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSnowBlock
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeBeach.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeBeach
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityCreature
net/minecraft/entity/monster/AbstractSkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.AbstractSkeleton
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.AbstractSkeleton$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureUtil
net/minecraft/command/EntitySelector.java
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$1
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$10
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$11
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$12
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$13
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$14
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$2
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$3
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$4
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$5
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$6
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$7
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$8
 net.minecraft.command.EntitySelector$9
net/minecraft/block/Block.java
 net.minecraft.block.Block
 net.minecraft.block.Block$1
 net.minecraft.block.Block$EnumOffsetType
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats.java
 net.minecraft.util.FoodStats
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBanPlayer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketAnimation.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketAnimation
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$2
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$3
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$4
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$5
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$6
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListWorldSelectionEntry.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListWorldSelectionEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListWorldSelectionEntry$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListWorldSelectionEntry$2
net/minecraft/item/ItemLead.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemLead
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MovingSoundMinecartRiding
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.GuiConnecting
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.GuiConnecting$1
net/minecraft/advancements/Advancement.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.Advancement
 net.minecraft.advancements.Advancement$Builder
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderWolf
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollowGolem
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiRepair
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandKill
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.ISaveFormat
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundHandler
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundHandler$1
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundHandler$2
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundHandler$3
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$1
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$10
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$11
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$12
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$2
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$3
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$4
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$5
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$6
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$7
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$8
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType$9
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecart
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecart$1
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecart$Type
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryCraftResult
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotShulkerBox.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotShulkerBox
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketPlaceGhostRecipe.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketPlaceGhostRecipe
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWanderAvoidWaterFlying.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIWanderAvoidWaterFlying
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntitySenses
net/minecraft/realms/Realms.java
 net.minecraft.realms.Realms
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilSaveConverter
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilSaveConverter$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.StateMapperBase
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVex.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderVex
net/minecraft/client/tutorial/ITutorialStep.java
 net.minecraft.client.tutorial.ITutorialStep
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/functions/LootFunctionManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.LootFunctionManager
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.functions.LootFunctionManager$Serializer
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport.java
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$1
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$2
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$3
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$4
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$5
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$6
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$7
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityFlowerPot
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneDiode
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSmokeLarge.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSmokeLarge
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSmokeLarge$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollowOwner
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ISidedInventory
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiShulkerBox.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiShulkerBox
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDurability
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$AIEvilAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$AIPanic
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$RabbitMoveHelper
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$RabbitTypeData
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSlime
net/minecraft/network/Packet.java
 net.minecraft.network.Packet
net/minecraft/item/ItemLingeringPotion.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemLingeringPotion
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISkeletonRiders.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAISkeletonRiders
net/minecraft/inventory/ItemStackHelper.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ItemStackHelper
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.Enchantment
 net.minecraft.enchantment.Enchantment$Rarity
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.MapStorage
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiDisconnected
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailDetector
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailDetector$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailDetector$2
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButtonRealmsProxy
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigateSwimmer
net/minecraft/util/ServerRecipeBookHelper.java
 net.minecraft.util.ServerRecipeBookHelper
net/minecraft/advancements/AdvancementRewards.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementRewards
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementRewards$1
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementRewards$Deserializer
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityBlaze
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenPumpkin.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenPumpkin
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketMaps.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketMaps
net/minecraft/init/Enchantments.java
 net.minecraft.init.Enchantments
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketCustomPayload.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketCustomPayload
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/LevitationTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.LevitationTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.LevitationTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.LevitationTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandEnchant
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/NBTPredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.NBTPredicate
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackAvailable.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiResourcePackAvailable
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEndGateway.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityEndGateway
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityZombie
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityZombie$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityZombie$GroupData
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderOcelot
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityShulkerBoxRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityShulkerBoxRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityShulkerBoxRenderer$1
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentProtection
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentProtection$Type
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityWeatherEffect.java
 net.minecraft.entity.effect.EntityWeatherEffect
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/conditions/RandomChance.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.RandomChance
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.RandomChance$Serializer
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneRepeater
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAmbientCreature.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityAmbientCreature
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPlanks
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPlanks$EnumType
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ScaledResolution
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMinable
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMinable$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMinable$StonePredicate
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.IBehaviorDispenseItem
 net.minecraft.dispenser.IBehaviorDispenseItem$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherBrick.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNetherBrick
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityZombieHorse.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityZombieHorse
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.Path
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleHeart.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleHeart
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleHeart$AngryVillagerFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleHeart$Factory
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMushroom
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer$1
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer$2
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer$SleepEnemyPredicate
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer$SleepResult
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketRemoveEntityEffect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketRemoveEntityEffect
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.FlatLayerInfo
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.Chunk
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.Chunk$1
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherrack.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNetherrack
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSubtitleOverlay.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSubtitleOverlay
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSubtitleOverlay$Subtitle
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenShrub
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMobSpawner
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandResultStats
 net.minecraft.command.CommandResultStats$1
 net.minecraft.command.CommandResultStats$Type
net/minecraft/block/BlockStructure.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStructure
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStructure$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndGatewayRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityEndGatewayRenderer
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/RecipeList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.RecipeList
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerInteractionManager.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerInteractionManager
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeTippedArrow.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipeTippedArrow
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockMaterialMatcher.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockMaterialMatcher
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityItemStackRenderer
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketEntityAction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketEntityAction
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketEntityAction$Action
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketAdvancementInfo.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketAdvancementInfo
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketAnimation.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketAnimation
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenEndPodium.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenEndPodium
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartFurnace
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityOcelot
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityChicken
net/minecraft/item/ItemRedstone.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemRedstone
net/minecraft/util/CooldownTracker.java
 net.minecraft.util.CooldownTracker
 net.minecraft.util.CooldownTracker$1
 net.minecraft.util.CooldownTracker$Cooldown
net/minecraft/client/gui/chat/OverlayChatListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.chat.OverlayChatListener
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemCarrotOnAStick
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/DamagePredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.DamagePredicate
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityShulkerBullet.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityShulkerBullet
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderBlaze
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockColored
net/minecraft/client/main/Main.java
 net.minecraft.client.main.Main
 net.minecraft.client.main.Main$1
 net.minecraft.client.main.Main$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockCompressedPowered.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCompressedPowered
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityPiston
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityPiston$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityPiston$2
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntitySmallFireball
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPumpkin
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPumpkin$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTntMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderTntMinecart
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient$1
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient$2
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient$3
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient$4
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenServerList
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandClearInventory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ItemRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ItemRenderer$1
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleBubble.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleBubble
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleBubble$Factory
net/minecraft/advancements/AdvancementList.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementList
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementList$Listener
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIRestrictSun
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/template/TemplateManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.TemplateManager
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ISoundEventListener
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDeadBush.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenDeadBush
net/minecraft/block/ITileEntityProvider.java
 net.minecraft.block.ITileEntityProvider
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityExpBottle
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderRabbit
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityEnchantmentTable
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSimpleAnimated.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSimpleAnimated
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollowParent
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsManager.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatisticsManager
net/minecraft/command/CommandStopSound.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandStopSound
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemColored
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityVelocity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityVelocity
net/minecraft/client/gui/toasts/GuiToast.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.GuiToast
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.GuiToast$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.GuiToast$ToastInstance
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartChest
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderArrow
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneSlab
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneSlab$EnumType
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneBrick
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneBrick$EnumType
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsButton
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityStatus.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityStatus
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketUpdateScore.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUpdateScore
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUpdateScore$Action
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.ISaveHandler
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ISound
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ISound$AttenuationType
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGlowstone
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/MultipartBakedModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.MultipartBakedModel
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.MultipartBakedModel$Builder
net/minecraft/entity/MultiPartEntityPart.java
 net.minecraft.entity.MultiPartEntityPart
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketCloseWindow.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketCloseWindow
net/minecraft/item/ItemFirework.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFirework
net/minecraft/world/biome/Biome.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.Biome
 net.minecraft.world.biome.Biome$1
 net.minecraft.world.biome.Biome$BiomeProperties
 net.minecraft.world.biome.Biome$SpawnListEntry
 net.minecraft.world.biome.Biome$TempCategory
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketTeams.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketTeams
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderList.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderList
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStem
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombieVillager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderZombieVillager
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntryDefault
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSnowShovel.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSnowShovel
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSnowShovel$Factory
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandStop
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.INetHandlerStatusServer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketBlockAction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketBlockAction
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipeBookCloning
net/minecraft/item/ItemBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBook
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityMultiPart.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IEntityMultiPart
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketHeldItemChange.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketHeldItemChange
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseChargingPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseChargingPlayer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.RenderChunk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerArrow
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLiving
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLiving$1
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootEntry.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootEntry
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootEntry$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenDemo
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBed
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBed$EnumPartType
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerHeldBlock
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BannerTextures.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BannerTextures
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BannerTextures$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BannerTextures$Cache
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BannerTextures$CacheEntry
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketChat.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketChat
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLilyPad
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/UsedTotemTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.UsedTotemTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.UsedTotemTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.UsedTotemTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPolarBear.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPolarBear
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketPlayerAbilities.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayerAbilities
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockWorldState
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockWorldState$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLeaves
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpider
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpider$AISpiderAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpider$AISpiderTarget
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpider$GroupData
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeMesa.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeMesa
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeMesa$1
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeMesa$Decorator
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockContainer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderIronGolem
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemLeaves
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketUseEntity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketUseEntity
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketUseEntity$Action
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketCombatEvent.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCombatEvent
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCombatEvent$1
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketCombatEvent$Event
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootPool.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootPool
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootPool$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/gui/recipebook/GuiButtonRecipeTab.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.recipebook.GuiButtonRecipeTab
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLeaf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLeaf$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderManager
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint
net/minecraft/network/login/server/SPacketEncryptionRequest.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.SPacketEncryptionRequest
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt.java
 net.minecraft.entity.effect.EntityLightningBolt
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.EntityWither
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.EntityWither$1
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.EntityWither$AIDoNothing
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenScatteredFeature
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenScatteredFeature$Start
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/template/ITemplateProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.ITemplateProcessor
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList.java
 net.minecraft.village.MerchantRecipeList
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntitySpecialRenderer
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSetBlock
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIHurtByTarget
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStart
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWorkbench
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderBat
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntry
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntry$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITasks
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketRecipeInfo.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketRecipeInfo
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketRecipeInfo$Purpose
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailPowered
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailPowered$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailPowered$2
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/EnchantmentPredicate.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.EnchantmentPredicate
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderStray.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderStray
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors.java
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$1
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$2
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$3
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$4
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$5
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$6
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$7
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$8
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiLabelEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockBehaviors.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.IBlockBehaviors
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBanner
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBanner$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleRedstone.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleRedstone
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleRedstone$Factory
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandEffect
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILookAtVillager
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartHopper
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCake
net/minecraft/block/BlockPurpurSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPurpurSlab
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPurpurSlab$Double
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPurpurSlab$Half
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPurpurSlab$Variant
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneWire
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneWire$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderFireball
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityShulkerBox.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityShulkerBox
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityShulkerBox$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityShulkerBox$AnimationStatus
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockAnvil
 net.minecraft.block.BlockAnvil$Anvil
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBanner
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityBannerRenderer
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGeneratorBonusChest
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter.java
 net.minecraft.world.Teleporter
 net.minecraft.world.Teleporter$PortalPosition
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBucket
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketEnchantItem.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketEnchantItem
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityPistonRenderer
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryMerchant
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenFlowers
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCreateWorld
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityWaterMob
net/minecraft/entity/Entity.java
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$1
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$2
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$3
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$4
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$5
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$6
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderAbstractHorse.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderAbstractHorse
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBarrier
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemHoe
 net.minecraft.item.ItemHoe$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityLockable
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListExtended
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/template/BlockRotationProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.BlockRotationProcessor
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityEnderChestRenderer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketParticles.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketParticles
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortal.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityEndPortal
net/minecraft/item/ItemSign.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSign
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOre
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSign
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneTorch
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneTorch$Toggle
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSandStone
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSandStone$EnumType
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketPlaceRecipe.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlaceRecipe
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$1$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$2
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$3
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/WoodlandMansion.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansion
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.WoodlandMansion$Start
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFence
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFence$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenRealmsProxy
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock$Bookkeep
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock$Deserializer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock$LoopException
net/minecraft/block/BlockMagma.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMagma
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.IInventory
net/minecraft/block/BlockConcretePowder.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockConcretePowder
net/minecraft/entity/passive/AbstractChestHorse.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.AbstractChestHorse
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandToggleDownfall
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketVehicleMove.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketVehicleMove
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCauldron
net/minecraft/item/ItemShulkerBox.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemShulkerBox
net/minecraft/util/MovementInputFromOptions.java
 net.minecraft.util.MovementInputFromOptions
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/TickTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.TickTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.TickTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.TickTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityTippedArrow.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityTippedArrow
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldSettings
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderCreeper
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenBook
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton
net/minecraft/network/handshake/INetHandlerHandshakeServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.handshake.INetHandlerHandshakeServer
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySilverfish
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemMeshDefinition.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ItemMeshDefinition
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseManager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseManager
net/minecraft/world/IWorldEventListener.java
 net.minecraft.world.IWorldEventListener
net/minecraft/item/ItemAxe.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemAxe
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCommandBlock
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCommandBlock$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCommandBlock$2
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.SpectatorMenu
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.SpectatorMenu$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityArmorStand
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityArmorStand$1
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityArmorStand$2
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketChunkData.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketChunkData
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketUpdateHealth.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketUpdateHealth
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IBlockStatePaletteResizer.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.IBlockStatePaletteResizer
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXYRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYZRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleZRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$EntryRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomTopHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentCoreRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Penthouse
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleTopRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$WingRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XDoubleRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XYDoubleRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YDoubleRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YZDoubleRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$ZDoubleRoomFitHelper
net/minecraft/item/ItemNameTag.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemNameTag
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSourceImpl
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandTitle
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.MapGenCavesHell
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderGhast
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketPlayerTryUseItem.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketPlayerTryUseItem
net/minecraft/block/BlockBone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBone
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderBiped
net/minecraft/item/ItemGlassBottle.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemGlassBottle
 net.minecraft.item.ItemGlassBottle$1
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeTaiga.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeTaiga
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeTaiga$Type
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionHelper
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionHelper$1
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionHelper$MixPredicate
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.Barrier
 net.minecraft.client.particle.Barrier$Factory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/multipart/ConditionOr.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ConditionOr
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ConditionOr$1
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotCrafting
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitherSkull.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderWitherSkull
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentUntouching
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketTitle.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketTitle
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketTitle$Type
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryServer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntryServer
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSuspendedTown.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSuspendedTown
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSuspendedTown$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSuspendedTown$HappyVillagerFactory
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBrewingStand
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBrewingStand$Fuel
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBrewingStand$Potion
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStainedGlassPane
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStainedGlassPane$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveIndoors
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.INetHandlerLoginServer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSheepWool
net/minecraft/item/ItemWrittenBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemWrittenBook
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListChunkFactory.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ListChunkFactory
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockPistonStructureHelper
net/minecraft/advancements/AdvancementManager.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementManager
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementManager$1
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/RecipeUnlockedTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.RecipeUnlockedTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.RecipeUnlockedTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.RecipeUnlockedTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketEntityMetadata.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketEntityMetadata
net/minecraft/world/DimensionType.java
 net.minecraft.world.DimensionType
net/minecraft/client/gui/toasts/RecipeToast.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.toasts.RecipeToast
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootEntryEmpty.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootEntryEmpty
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFalling
net/minecraft/entity/boss/dragon/phase/PhaseSittingAttacking.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.phase.PhaseSittingAttacking
net/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject.java
 net.minecraft.world.IInteractionObject
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockMatcher.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockMatcher
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/conditions/RandomChanceWithLooting.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.RandomChanceWithLooting
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.conditions.RandomChanceWithLooting$Serializer
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIllusionIllager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIllusionIllager
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIllusionIllager$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIllusionIllager$AIBlindnessSpell
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIllusionIllager$AIMirriorSpell
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEnderChest
net/minecraft/world/storage/loot/LootEntryItem.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.loot.LootEntryItem
net/minecraft/advancements/critereon/PositionTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PositionTrigger
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PositionTrigger$Instance
 net.minecraft.advancements.critereon.PositionTrigger$Listeners
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerListEntryNormal
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerListEntryNormal$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkGeneratorDebug.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkGeneratorDebug
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/template/PlacementSettings.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.template.PlacementSettings
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ChunkProviderClient
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ChunkProviderClient$1
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketSpectate.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketSpectate
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityTracker
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityTracker$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIDefendVillage
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiConfirmOpenLink
net/minecraft/network/login/client/CPacketLoginStart.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.client.CPacketLoginStart
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLockIconButton
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLockIconButton$Icon
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelGuardian
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils.java
 net.minecraft.util.JsonUtils
net/minecraft/network/play/client/CPacketSeenAdvancements.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketSeenAdvancements
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.CPacketSeenAdvancements$Action
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleMobAppearance.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleMobAppearance
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleMobAppearance$Factory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/color/IBlockColor.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.color.IBlockColor
net/minecraft/util/TabCompleter.java
 net.minecraft.util.TabCompleter
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityCreeper
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItemFrame.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItemFrame
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandBlockData
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnowball.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSnowball
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityElderGuardian.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityElderGuardian
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityElderGuardian$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveToBlock
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityBat
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityCaveSpider
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPrismarine
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPrismarine$EnumType
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSapling
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSapling$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockSoulSand.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSoulSand
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIZombieAttack.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIZombieAttack
net/minecraft/world/WorldEntitySpawner.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldEntitySpawner
net/minecraft/item/ItemFlintAndSteel.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFlintAndSteel
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigateGround
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFarmland
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFarmland$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMegaPineTree
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerChunkMap.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerChunkMap
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerChunkMap$1
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerChunkMap$2
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerChunkMap$3
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerChunkMap$4
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerChunkMap$5
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MusicTicker
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MusicTicker$MusicType
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerHeldItemWitch
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityShoulderRiding.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityShoulderRiding
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsEditBox
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEndermite
net/minecraft/util/text/TextComponentScore.java
 net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentScore
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSlimeGel
net/minecraft/network/play/server/SPacketSignEditorOpen.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketSignEditorOpen
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleEndRod.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleEndRod
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleEndRod$Factory
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockJukebox
 net.minecraft.block.BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiControls
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerHeldItem
net/minecraft/command/CommandLocate.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandLocate
net/minecraft/advancements/AdvancementTreeNode.java
 net.minecraft.advancements.AdvancementTreeNode
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeDecorator
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerWolfCollar
net/minecraft/world/Explosion.java
 net.minecraft.world.Explosion
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityTNTPrimed
net/minecraft/world/chunk/BlockStatePaletteLinear.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.BlockStatePaletteLinear
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityStray.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityStray
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeHellDecorator.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeHellDecorator
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBeacon
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBeacon$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBeacon$1$1
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayerMP
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayerMP$1
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeSavanna.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeSavanna
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerEnderDragonDeath
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptionSlider
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiEditSign
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySquid
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShulkerBoxRecipes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.ShulkerBoxRecipes
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.ShulkerBoxRecipes$ShulkerBoxColoring
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityFishHook
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityFishHook$State
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerVillagerArmor.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerVillagerArmor
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSetSpawnpoint
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.PlayerMenuObject
net/minecraft/client/particle/ParticleSmokeNormal.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSmokeNormal
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSmokeNormal$1
 net.minecraft.client.particle.ParticleSmokeNormal$Factory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/multipart/ConditionAnd.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ConditionAnd
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.multipart.ConditionAnd$1
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.EmptyChunk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEntityItem
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOpenDoor
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtTradePlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILookAtTradePlayer
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MovingSoundMinecart
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFishFood
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFishFood$FishType
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILandOnOwnersShoulder.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILandOnOwnersShoulder
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandDifficulty
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenHugeTrees
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSavannaTree
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository$2
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository$3
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository$Entry
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP.java
 net.minecraft.client.entity.EntityOtherPlayerMP
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmorStand.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArmorStand
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockStateBase
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockStateBase$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockableLoot.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityLockableLoot
net/minecraft/item/ItemClock.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemClock
 net.minecraft.item.ItemClock$1
